(wind whooshing)
(gentle ambient music)
(tense music)
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
(tense music continues)
(explosion booming)
(rocks rumbling)
(soldiers shouting indistinctly)
(explosion booming)
(guns firing)
- Danny. get me some
boom-boom in here now!
- [Danny] Yes. sir!
(guns firing)
(person on radio
speaking indistinctly)
- Air Command. this is Eagle 3.
- Danny!
How many grenades do you
have for the launcher?
- One.
- Load it!
Incoming!
(explosion booming)
I'm good.
(guns firing)
20 meters behind
there's better cover.
I want you to move on my mark.
- But. sir. I think we
need to go together.
(guns firing)
- Albie. shut the fuck up.
- [Alberto] Yes. sir!
(guns firing)
- Danny. fire at
your former position!
- Firing!
(explosion booming)
- Three. two. one!
Move!
(guns firing)
(grunting) Fuck!
Fuck!
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
(guns firing)
- You're clear for your
move. so lay them in thick.
We got a man on the floor.
(guns firing)
(jet engine roaring)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(explosions booming)
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
(plane whirring)
- Yo. what the fuck was that?
Those guys were going
fucking crazy. back there.
- Well. you idiots don't
have to get so excited
every time we get
shot at. you know?
- Three-tours-man
thinks he's Elvis.
It was a little too
close for comfort. man.
That's all I'm saying.
- Danny. your gun.
- Give me a sec.
All right.
I could eat a bucket
of damn ice cream.
but where am I gonna get it?
♪ Gonna take you
for a ride. baby ♪
♪ Ride. baby ♪
- Bro. I used to like that song.
Can you shut the hell up?
(Alberto laughs)
- Why you being an asshole?
- You join the army. you gonna
be serving with assholes.
No point in crying about it.
- You love the army. Lieutenant?
- Oh. yeah.
I love serving in
this racist-ass army
for this racist-ass country.
- Army's not racist. Carson.
- You know what. Danny?
You getting dumber and dumber
by the day. you know that?
I'm a lot smarter than
smart people. okay?
- [Carson] All right.
Smart people are some of the
stupidest assholes I ever met.
Ain't that right. Hino?
- Fuck you. Danny.
- You wanna try?
- Just might.
- I don't think that's
gonna go too well
for you. big man.
- Is that right?
- What the...?
- (laughs) Almost wet.
- That's an interesting
tactic. Hino.
- What you been eating. bro?
What are you walking
away for. huh?
- I'm not stitching
you fools up.
- Where are you going. jackass?
- You only gotta stitch up him.
- [Danny] Put that gun away.
- I'm sleeping.
- You're fucking hurt and
you don't tell the medic?
I should report your ass.
(Jordan exhaling)
You wanna let somebody
who actually knows
what the hell he's doing
take a look at that?
- Fine.
Gave myself a local
so knock yourself out.
- This is nothing.
Clean through. surface wound.
I got you. sir.
- Thank you.
In a perfect world. no one needs
to know that the Captain
got injured. okay?
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm fine.
- I need you to come
see the Colonel with me.
- Oh. shit. Albie.
what'd you do?
- I didn't do anything.
My papers came in.
- (laughs) Are you serious?
- Colonel said I had five
minutes to get back there.
- About time!
By the way. you ever mess
with my rack-time again.
there will be a price to pay.
- I know. sir.
Can we go?
- Yeah.
After you.
♪ Look around as
far as I can see ♪
♪ Things aren't quite
the way they used to be ♪
- [Carson] Sir. did they
change the briefing?
- No. we're good.
Danny. you clean
up that carburetor?
- Took a pound of sand out.
Fan blades are about to snap.
Won't happen today. though.
- Something up. sir?
- Albie and I are gonna visit
with the Colonel for a minute.
- What'd you do?
- They take Berto off the squad.
I'll fucking shoot the Colonel.
- No one's shooting the Colonel.
- I'm not going out
without a medic.
- I'm infantry.
I'm only a medic on the
side. so don't get shot
when I'm clocked
off. motherfucker.
- Sir?
- Albie. we'll see.
- You been selling morphine
on the internet. right?
- What'd you do. asshole?
- I didn't do anything.
Got my fucking papers. boys.
- You got 'em?
- Yeah.
- You fucking got 'em?
(all laughing)
- Gentlemen. your company
is no longer required.
Act accordingly.
And I mean it this time.
Albie. come on.
- He means it this time!
He's talking to you.
(all chattering and laughing)
- Colonel.
- Captain.
Good.
Raise your right hand.
- Uh. wait. Colonel.
Is the other thing okay too?
- Yeah. that's okay too.
Raise your right
hand. repeat after me.
"I hereby declare on my oath."
- "I hereby declare on my oath."
- [Wood] "That I will
support and defend
the Constitution and laws of
the United States of America."
- "That I will support and
defend the Constitution and laws
of the United
States of America."
- [Wood] "Against all enemies.
foreign and domestic."
- [Alberto] "Against all
enemies. foreign and domestic."
- [Wood] "Without
mental hesitation or
purpose of evasion."
- [Alberto] "Without
mental hesitation
or purpose of evasion."
- "So help me God."
Thank you. Colonel.
- You're welcome.
And congratulations.
you earned it.
(gentle orchestral music)
- Is that Citizen Castillo?
Is that him?
(all laughing)
- Thanks. Ray.
See?
Every once in a
while. it works out.
- [Wood] Have fun with
those boys out there.
- Thank you.
(all laughing)
- Hey. hey. hey.
Listen. listen. listen.
You guys ready for a plane ride?
- [Both] What?
- I'm getting married. chicos.
- Nah.
- We got you fools leave too.
- [Carson] Is this true. Cap?
Oh. my God.
- You're all coming.
Vacation. fuckers!
- Bullshit.
- The Colonel said okay.
Captain's gonna be my best man.
- He ain't lying.
- Shit.
- For real?
- That's right.
You guys coming to
my wedding or what?
- I mean. I don't
have a fucking choice.
- Yeah!
- I love you. buddy.
(upbeat rock music)
♪ Feel free to come
along anytime ♪
(camera shutter clicking)
(all cheering)
(all chattering and laughing)
- I gotta call her.
- Call her. call her.
- Hey. good to see you. man.
♪ When the morning comes.
I'm gonna shine for you ♪
(bells tolling)
(teachers speaking Spanish)
- Can I use this?
(phone ringing)
(line ringing)
- Alberto?
- Because you're
talking. to an American.
I'm a citizen. Isabella.
I got my leave moved up.
We're getting married.
And after the wedding.
America with a US passport.
- (laughs) Alberto!
- Of course.
Of course.
- I'll see you soon. wife.
These weeks have
gone by so slowly.
Imagine having our
own home on the base.
I think you're
gonna love it there.
- More news?
What's gonna be
better than that?
- I'll tell you when I see you.
- Okay.
I love you.
(gentle orchestral music)
(Isabella sighing)
(gentle orchestral
music continues)
(Isabella sighing)
(tense music)
(tense music continues)
- [Angelica] Isabella!
Isabella!
(horn honking)
(tense music continues)
(door clicking)
(stamp clicking)
- One more flight.
(tense music continues)
(plane engine roaring)
(car horns honking)
- Alberto!
- [Alberto] This is
all MREs. freeze dried.
- Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Hi.
- This is my little
brother. Miguel.
- Hey.
- That's Hino. and Capitan.
- So. I guess you're the boss.
- Well. from what I've
heard. I think you are.
(all laugh)
- The family is waiting
- All right.
- It's gonna be a bumpy one.
Hope you brought your liquor.
(all chattering)
- Well. welcome to our country.
(Miguel speaking Spanish)
(Isabella laughing)
(gentle orchestral music)
(gentle orchestral
music continues)
(vocalist singing in Spanish)
(gentle orchestral
music continues)
(men laughing)
(all chattering)
(gentle orchestral
music continues)
- That's not him.
- No?
- What do you mean. not him?
- Shh. shh. shh.
Let's find him.
That's it.
Okay?
Go find him.
(gentle orchestral music)
(gentle orchestral
music continues)
- Thank you. buddy. (laughing)
Hey. this is a nice place.
- What. did you think
I lived in a shack?
- I didn't think. I grew up
in a damn trailer park. dude.
I ain't giving anybody shit.
(Alberto laughs)
- Alberto!
- That's Mom. huh?
- Mm-hmm.
- Alberto!
(all chattering)
- Hi
- Good to meet you
(all chattering)
(both laughing)
- We were so happy
to hear Alberto
was bringing you. but more happy
that you will stay with
us for the wedding.
(all laugh)
Alberto has spoken
highly of you.
- Oh. Dad. you're
embarrassing them.
- Why? (speaking
foreign language)
- Mr. Moreno.
Everybody's waiting
for the happy couple!
So. leave your things.
We are having a
little feast for you!
This is your house!
- Thank you.
Thank you. sir.
- You're welcome.
(all chattering)
(thunder rumbling)
(people crying)
(men laughing)
(gun firing)
(tense music)
(all chattering)
- Do you have a family. Jordan?
- Not. um. no.
No. I don't.
- All the Captain
has is the army.
Very sad.
And us guys.
Even sadder.
Captain's gonna be
doing tours forever.
Right. sir?
He's a lifer.
- Yeah. that's right.
- Friends are family too.
- Yeah.
So. you're moving to the US.
That'll be a big change.
- Yeah.
How much we'll leave behind.
- You have a beautiful
family. both of you.
- Thank you.
- It smells good.
(thunder rumbling)
(tense music)
- Untie that one.
- Get up.
- Shh. shh.
(both laughing)
(Baker laughing)
(all laughing)
(Valdemar breathing heavily)
- Show me.
(tense music)
(thunder crashing)
(rain pattering)
(Alberto speaking
foreign language)
(Isabella laughing)
- Wait.
We should maybe save
ourselves for tomorrow night.
(both laugh)
(rain pattering)
(thunder crashing)
- Did you know about my father
selling fields for poppies?
Is that what you were
afraid to tell me?
- Of course I knew.
He asked me not to tell you.
People come here
from the outside.
they want what they want.
They don't care about us.
They're going to do what
they're going to do.
(rain pattering)
Go home.
See you tomorrow. husband.
- See you tomorrow. wife.
(Isabella laughing)
(thunder crashing)
(wood cracking)
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry this is
happening to you.
It's not personal. you know?
Easy money. easy life.
The only constant is change.
and I'm the change.
(gun firing)
(baby crying)
(upbeat orchestral music)
(vocalist singing
in foreign language)
(Stevie gasping)
(water splashing)
Shhh.
(door clicking)
(vocalist singing
in foreign language)
- Come on. let's go.
(upbeat music continues)
(door clicking)
(hand tapping)
(engine revving)
- Now hold it tight.
- Are you gonna leave
us after this tour?
- That's the dream.
- Always knew you
were the smart one.
- You too.
- Alberto. it's
time to get back.
Oh!
What's going on over here?
Hey. does your lady
know about this?
- Don't be a fucking idiot.
- (laughs) Shit!
Ooh!
- Give you guys some privacy.
- You know. you guys
never stop. don't you?
- [Danny] I knew it!
- [Hino] How long has
it been going on for?
- [Danny] What's going
on in there. bro?
- Oh. you do not wanna see that.
- You know. you boys never
fucking stop. don't you?
Look at you.
You guys look good.
- You look like a husband. bro.
Looking good.
- You want to run?
- No.
- (laughing) No?
(Isabella laughing)
(gentle music)
(Violeta gasping)
(gentle music continues)
(all chattering)
(both speaking foreign language)
(gentle guitar music)
- [Jordan] I've never
seen you scared.
- I don't wanna mess this up.
- You won't.
(gentle guitar music continues)
(bells ringing)
(Jorge sighing)
(all chattering)
(gentle music continues)
(camera shutter clicking)
(brush scrubbing)
(Baker laughing)
(fireworks popping)
(lively music)
(crowd cheering)
(all chattering)
- No. no. no.
I. I've told you before.
(lively music continues)
(tense music)
(tense music continues)
(phone buzzing)
- (clearing throat) Hey. man.
Can I just get. uh.
whatever that'll buy.
As many beers as
that'll buy. please.
Okay.
Thank you. buddy.
(lively music)
- I'm back.
Beer's here!
(all cheering)
Hey. Berto. you got
your hands full. buddy.
Here you are.
Doctor. you good?
- Yeah.
- Like a beer?
Yeah?
- [Jordan] You're
a good man. Danny.
- Yeah.
Fucking hell.
They look happy. eh?
- Yeah.
To Albie.
- To Albie.
Do you want some
dance lessons. Berto?
(Danny laughs)
I'm going to the guys.
- Go get 'em. cowboy.
(lively music continues)
- Hey. Captain!
Come join us!
- In a minute.
(somber music)
(high pitch
frequency resonating)
(tense music)
(Baker exhaling)
- Pull over.
Pull over.
(engine rumbling)
(somber music continues)
(doors clicking)
- These people
- Hey. buddy.
I want a tequila.
- It's my favorite.
How did you know?
- Here you go.
(tense music)
(Stevie laughing)
- I know. it's a lot.
It's up to you.
Goodbye. my boy.
Whew!
(gentle guitar music)
- Papa. this captain of
ours. I have to tell you.
the man is crazy.
Ow.
- No.
- One time. bullets are wheezing
by. mortars are flying in.
This one shell comes in.
(imitating shell thudding)
destroys the house
we're using for cover.
We're just standing there
like. "Hi. how are you?"
as they're shooting
at us. some more.
The Captain goes.
"What do you say. guys?
Push up. and take
them by surprise?"
Like get the hell back
isn't an option. (laughing)
The Capitan is all chill.
Mr. Relaxed.
If there's a fight. he's
gonna turn it inside out.
We had this one contact
right before we got here-
- Albie. I don't think
they wanna hear about it.
- What. is it classified?
- Oh. Alberto.
- I thought he was Wild Bill.
Jesse James. and Pancho Villa.
- One of the things
we love about your son
is he hasn't met a story
that he doesn't
like to exaggerate.
(all laugh)
(all chattering)
- Hey. don't ruin
the story. sir.
- I don't think you're
supposed to "sir" me
when we're on leave.
- I will be calling you "sir"
till I'm like 90 and retired.
And I'll come see you.
and choose some new teeth
at the old soldier's home.
- Drink it.
- We'll be like. "Where
are the bad guys?
Let's take them out!"
And he'll be like. "They put
IEDs under the bingo tables!"
(laughs)
- You're supposed to
be like this tall.
First my brother. now. now you.
You didn't tell me your
sister was going to college.
- Well. you see.
- No. I'm going to get a PhD!
(all laughing)
- You are going to be trouble.
You are always trouble. pepita.
- I feel sorry for
the boys in this town.
We. we want to
show you something.
(Danny laughing)
- Beg your pardon. man. Sorry
- Ooh. "beg your pardon."
(all clapping)
- Wow!
- Sorry. what?
- I said. that's
my favorite shoe.
That's what I said.
What are you?
Are you from the CIA?
- Why don't you stand up?
I can't hear you
from down there.
(all chattering)
- So. what are we gonna
do with the situation?
I mean. that's a month
of your government
salary you just kicked.
- Oh. of course!
I have an idea.
What I was thinking
about. lick it.
(tense music)
- [Stevie] Come on. lick it.
- You better listen
to your buddy there.
- Lick it.
- You get that fucking shoe
out of my face right now.
- Oh. we're fine.
I was just telling
him how brave he is.
Are you a stripper or what?
- Do you know where
you are right now?
Not the right place for
you. you understand me?
- Excuse me.
- I don't think they're
from around here either.
- Let me break
this down for you.
- [Isabella] Alberto.
- People coming
here we don't know.
acting like assholes.
they're gonna get cut up.
These are nice people here.
Wherever you're going. you
should get heading there.
Better for everyone.
(tense music continues)
- Oooh.
Gentlemen.
(tense music continues)
(gun firing) (all screaming)
(all grunting)
(Isabella screaming)
- Alberto. Alberto. Alberto!
(all grunting)
(Jordan grunting)
(gun firing)
- Hey. hey. motherfucker!
- Alberto.
(tense music continues)
(door clicking)
(engine revving)
(all shouting)
- Hino!
- Come on!
- Get him up!
- This way!
- Fuck!
I thought you dropped him. bro!
- I did drop him!
You saw me!
- Then where the fuck is he at!
Where's the car?
- You stay with me. okay?
Stay with me.
Everything's gonna be okay.
- God. man.
- In here!
My surgery's downstairs.
Come on. come on!
- [Jordan] You got him?
(tense music continues)
- Slowly. slowly.
- Easy. easy.
(Isabella breathing heavily)
(Isabella sobbing)
- [Ferrau] He's gone.
I'm sorry.
(somber music)
(somber music continues)
(Isabella sobbing)
(tense music)
(tense music continues)
- We gotta go.
- Alberto?
Just gonna leave him?
- We're leaving Albie
with his family.
I gotta get you boys home now.
- How did this even happen?
- Because my brother
was protecting you.
That's why he's dead.
- You must leave now.
Tell your officers
Alberto had an accident.
- We can't leave the
body in the square.
- [Fernando] We'll bury him.
- I'll bury the man I
killed. and then we'll go.
The less involved
they are. the better.
Come on.
(tense music continues)
(Miguel sobbing)
(Paco coughing)
(tires screeching)
(tense music)
(tense music continues)
(line ringing)
(engine revving)
(Baker grunting)
(Paco coughing)
(car crashing)
(line ringing)
(tense music continues)
(Baker grunting)
(hand banging)
(tense music continues)
(Baker grunting)
- Stevie. Stevie. Stevie.
(phone beeping)
(rain pattering)
(engine rumbling)
(phone buzzing)
(foot thudding)
- Everybody get their gear.
We're out of here.
Now.
(rain pattering)
(door clicking)
(Fernando sobbing)
- What I will say his mother?
(rain pattering)
(doors clicking)
(bag thudding)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(Tomas grunting)
(tense music)
(engine rumbling)
(doors clicking)
(door clicking)
(Isabella sobbing)
(somber music)
(Isabella breathing heavily)
(somber music continues)
(fire crackling)
(Maria sobbing)
- We all loved your boy.
(fire crackling)
I lost a child too.
A daughter
and a wife.
Car accident.
I will never have the words
to tell you how sorry I am.
(hands banging)
(dog barking)
(tense music)
(Tomas grunting)
(door clicking)
- They sent an assassin.
A Spaniard.
- The man from the
square. they're with him?
- They had some business
with our neighbors.
- Our neighbor is a jefe.
The poppies are his.
The land here is his.
The fucking asshole
that shot my brother
is from the outside.
He was shooting up
the jefe's house.
Taking over.
Understand?
- It's better if you
leave now. please.
If they find you here.
they're gonna kill us!
- Isabella. do you
want to come with us?
- I'm staying with my family.
(tense music continues)
(gun clicking)
- Thank you.
Let's go.
(tense music continues)
- [Danny] I've never seen you
dodge a fight before. sir.
- Looks like with God knows
how many laws we've broken.
and the fact we're staring
straight down the barrel
at a lifetime in Leavenworth.
I'm not prepared to
make any phone calls
to your parents
explaining to them.
why you're not coming home.
We start playing cowboy here.
and lose another one of us?
- But we can't leave these
people to deal with this.
- Danny. I've done a
lifetime of "can't."
We're leaving.
That's an order.
Get in the truck.
(tense music continues)
(door clicking)
We'll bury him somewhere
outside of town.
- Sure.
(door clicking)
(engine revving)
- This is bullshit.
(tense music)
Are you okay. Hino?
- Yeah.
(engine rumbling)
- [Jordan] Slow down.
(tense music)
(door clicking)
- [Carson] Guys.
Oh. shit.
You did clip him. Hino.
- Motherfucker.
- All right.
Maybe our luck is
finally changing.
- That's up for debate.
Someone's gonna miss him.
- We take that piece of shit.
put him in the SUV with him.
and then we are gone.
(gun firing)
- Shit. did you hear that?
- That was short-lived.
If we try and run around
them. it'll be gunfight.
which we will lose.
Danny and I'll stand here.
We'll stand our ground.
They'll think we're prey.
We'll pull them in.
You still got that gun?
- Yes. sir.
- Miguel. I'm gonna need yours.
Son. I need you to trust me.
- [Danny] Do you have
any other rounds?
Give me that knife too.
Carson. take this.
- I need you guys to
double down to the pickup.
get the rifle.
- Miguel. let's go.
- On my command. not before.
Understood?
This is gonna go down fast.
(tense music)
Okay. I want you to
play this real cool.
If I go. then you
go. but not before.
Understood?
- Got it.
(tense music continues)
We got one real gun.
one popgun. and a knife.
and they got what?
Automatics. more than likely.
- Exciting. huh?
(engine rumbling)
- This is some
fucking bullshit. sir.
- You got that right.
(engine rumbling)
(tense music continues)
(doors clicking)
- Stevie!
Paco!
- Okay. I count four
(chuckling) Sorry. that's
the only Spanish I know.
Cold out here tonight. huh?
- What's going on here?
Hmm?
Are you DEA?
CIA?
Blackwater?
- No. just a couple regular
soldiers on vacation.
- Oh. is that so? (chuckling)
Well. I don't see any
beaches around here.
(both laughing)
Where you fight?
- Pretty much
wherever they send us.
- Yeah. that sounds about right.
- Since we're here to
conduct businesses.
I'm going to propose.
a deal to you guys.
You're going to
ask me to kill you.
Out of the kindness of
my heart. I'll do it.
and you're gonna be glad.
Is it gonna be you?
Let me talk to you for a second.
- Fuck it. get off!
- Ask me.
What did you say?
Ask me!
- I knew you guys were cowards.
- [Belisario] Come on. ask me.
- [Jordan] Cowards. do
you understand that?
- Ask me!
- You're cowards. yeah.
(Jordan grunting)
- [Jordan] Bunch of pussies.
five on one. we're unarmed?
- What?
- Fucking coward.
- Jordan. fuck.
- The hell you say?
- You heard me. bitch.
I called you a fucking coward!
Try that shit with me.
- Oh. you called me a coward?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
I was gonna let you
live for a little while.
- Uh-huh.
- You fucking runt-ass
coward dipshit!
You try that with me!
Come on!
- Fuck you.
- Yeah.
Now.
(guns firing)
(both grunting)
All clear!
(high pitch
frequency resonating)
Man. my ears are ringing.
Danny!
- Shit.
Shit.
- Okay.
Change of plans.
We're going back to the clinic.
Wait till the doctor can get
him back on the road again.
You're gonna be
all right. big man.
- [Hino] Three. two. one.
(both grunting)
- [Jordan] Get down next to him.
- So. you know where these
guys were headed. right?
- Yeah. they're
looking for the piece
of shit that killed Albie.
- Yeah.
They don't come back.
they don't report back.
they're coming. loaded.
We gotta take those guns.
(tense music)
- Fuck!
Fine. we're taking the guns.
Everybody pick up their weapons.
Hino. pick up the kid and
drop him next to the car.
- [Hino] Yes. sir.
- [Jordan] Son of a bitch.
- [Hino] This
fucker's breathing.
- Get him back to the truck.
- Come on. let's go!
Hurry up!
- These men killed my brother.
They're all together!
- As long as he's
got air in his lungs.
he's riding in the truck.
- I'm going to ride in the back.
- Let's go!
- All right.
(tense music continues)
(Jordan sighing)
(door clicking)
(engine rumbling)
(Belisario gasping)
- Get off me.
Get the fuck off me. man!
(Belisario coughs)
(tense music)
(Belisario groaning)
(tense music continues)
(man groaning)
(birds chirping)
(footsteps thudding)
(Isabella sighing)
(somber music)
(somber music continues)
(tense music)
(people chattering)
(tense music continues)
(doors clicking)
(Baker sobbing)
(tense music continues)
(thunder rumbling)
(tense music)
- The shit we went through
when we were kids...
You know why they
call me the Gachupin?
She was the best.
(tense music continues)
(thunder crashing)
(tense rock music)
(tense rock music continues)
(tense music)
- [Jordan] Hey.
Let's go. buddy.
You're gonna be all right.
- I got you.
- He didn't make it.
- I don't care about him.
Get Danny inside.
- Come on.
- Doc!
Doc!
- What happened?
- One of my men has been shot.
Mid-torso.
He's bleeding really bad.
- Get him on a table for me.
- Boys. come on!
- Come on. come on. come on!
- You're gonna be all right.
- All right.
- Are you good?
Hey.
- I need you to press to
stop the bleeding. okay?
- You're good. you're good.
- He's gonna be okay.
He's gonna be okay.
- Doc. come on. man!
Come on.
Just breathe. all right?
Breathe.
You got this.
You got it. Danny.
(tense music)
Stay with us. all right?
(footsteps thudding)
- What are you doing back here?
- A group of men from
the cartel cut us off
before we could leave.
Danny got injured.
- Is he going to be okay?
- Yeah. I think so.
I promise we'll leave
as soon as he's able.
- I'm pregnant.
I didn't tell Alberto.
And I think it's a girl.
My mom does. anyway.
- Albie was the happiest
person I've ever known.
and I think I'm beginning
to finally understand why.
(bells ringing)
(all chattering)
- I have to go.
- Oh no (tense music)
(Danny speaking indistinctly)
- Where are my friends?
- Hey. bro.
Right here.
Right here. buddy.
- I gotta go.
- Whoa. whoa.
Hey. get your ass down. bro.
Hey.
- I'm good.
Doc patched me up.
- Yeah.
- Shit.
Thanks. Doc.
(bells ringing)
(Danny groaning)
This way?
- Mm-hmm.
(Danny groaning)
- Hey.
- [Jordan] You up for this?
- Where are the bad guys at?
- They're coming. trust me.
Anyone who can leave
should do so now.
- There's nowhere for us to go.
- There's nowhere for
your people to hide?
Okay.
Danny. I want you up
at the schoolhouse
with Isabella and the kids.
Carson. take the church
tower with the rifle.
I want you two positioned
behind me over here.
I will draw them in.
- Let's make some smoke.
- Yeah.
One way in. one way out.
We'll be outnumbered
and outgunned.
You know the drill.
I'm sorry about this.
Not exactly the trip we planned.
Okay. gentlemen.
let's get this done.
- Sir.
(tense music) (guns clicking)
(tense music continues)
- Isabella.
Isabella.
You gotta keep quiet.
Can you stay quiet?
(tense music continues)
(gas splashing)
- That should do it
(match striking)
- All right.
(tense music continues)
- You gotta stay quiet. okay?
Real quiet.
No noise.
Silencio. okay?
Please. help me.
(tense music continues)
(engines revving)
(Violeta breathing heavily)
(engines rumbling)
(gun firing)
(guns firing)
(thunder rumbling)
- I know you can hear me.
Hey. gringos!
(lighter clicking)
Gringos!
Motherfuckers!
(gun clicking)
Come outside and face me!
They killed my brother!
(tense music continues)
(guns firing)
- Hey. sunshine!
I'm the one you want!
(gun firing)
(guns firing) (glass shattering)
- Get him!
(guns firing)
(tense music continues)
(gun cocking)
(both grunting)
(tense music continues)
(gun firing)
(guns firing)
(tense music continues)
(both grunting)
(guns firing)
(tense music continues)
(gun cocking)
(gun firing)
(guns firing)
(all whispering indistinctly)
(Miguel breathing heavily)
(guns firing)
- Fuck.
(gun clicking)
- On me.
(gun firing)
Miguel!
Go.
- Miguel. don't
fucking shoot me.
(Miguel breathing heavily)
(guns firing)
- Carson!
(all screaming)
(guns firing)
(Danny groaning)
(tense music continues)
- [Jordan] Where
the fuck is Carson?
(tense music continues)
- [Jordan] Nothing.
- Go to the blue car. on me.
(guns firing) Stay down.
(guns firing)
- No!
(Jordan grunting)
(guns firing)
(tense music continues)
- I know who you are!
(speaking foreign language)
(gun firing)
(Baker groaning)
(Miguel breathing heavily)
(tense music continues)
- Jordan!
- [Angelica] Isabella.
(tense music continues)
- I got three servicemen in
boxes and you two wounded.
Nobody is believing your
"bandits attacked us" story.
What it looks like is an
unauthorized special op.
and the government is very
touchy about their sovereignty.
understandably.
The option they prefer is to
take credit for what you did.
And for us to make
you to disappear.
Disappearing means a
classified Court Martial
for which you will be found
guilty of all charges.
and you will plead
guilty to all charges.
Otherwise. I will kill you
here in this fucking room.
When these confessions
are signed.
and that door opens.
this'll all be over.
Your sentences will be voided.
your army records expunged.
Except for your sealed records.
which. with any luck of all.
will never be seen by anybody
except your government.
and that's me.
And I will keep those
sealed records in a safe
for the time that
I might need you.
(paper rustling)
I. I spoke with Corporal
Castillo's widow.
Isabella.
I know that they were married.
And I notified her
that she would have
a United States marriage
certificate to prove it.
Meaning that she
and her unborn child
will have citizenship. should
they choose to take it.
- Thank you. sir.
- Do not speak of this
to anyone. gentlemen.
Captain. I'm sorry for
the loss of your men.
- Yes. sir.
(door clicking)
(Jordan sighing)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
(Jordan grunting)
- Put your tags away.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
One more stop. and then
let's get you home.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
I failed them.
- No. you did not.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
What will happen to you. Jordan?
- Danny and I will go home
and face the consequences
for everything
that happened here.
And I'll face the families
of the men I lost.
- We won't forget you.
- This was the last
thing Albie gave me.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
- He loved you so much.
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
(wind blowing)
(gentle guitar music)
(gentle guitar music continues)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(dramatic orchestral
music continues)
(dramatic rock music)
(dramatic rock music continues)
(no audio)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm